Hello!
My name is "nothing" in the Sauerbraten community.
Collaberating in the development of Inexor, Iam responsible for the textures.
As you can assume, it would be very painfully time intensive to create all the textures needed in a game by 1 person.
So I tried to find ressources that are following our policy of open source.
Therefore I found the wonderfull website of ambientcg.com
I did download a lot of files there, which are in *.sbsar format.
So what is this?
Simply said, a sbsar file contains informations to create textures, that can be altered in color, structure, depth
and any other parameter thats exposed by the authors of the textures.
To create textures out of this files you need the free substance player programm, which can be downloaded here:

https://substance3d.adobe.com/documentation/sp31/user-s-guide-for-substance-player-2294742.html

Once you installed the player you open the sbsar files with it, change parameters of files at your need and export them.
You can also choose which kind of textures you need to feed the shaders you are using. (normal, height, base color, ambient occlusion....)
This means, that out of 1 sbsar file it is simple to create more than 1 texture.
e.g. if there is a parquett file, you can mostly choose the length and distribution of the patterns additional to changing color.....
I hope you enjoy the variety of possibilities that is given to you by that.
As ambientcg.com gives away their creations for common creative, it is not necessary to give attribution, but would be kind of you.

If you would like to combine textures to create e.g. a wall (concrete or brick) with a window (wood or plastic..) I will surely try to create
some at your needs, if I am able to.
I do use substance designer and can trie to help you if needed. (I am still learning the use of designer.).
If there is any question just tell me via koppiman@gmail.com
Hope you have fun, and be creative.

PS.: you can download all the textures on: https://github.com/inexorgame/textures

A documetation on how to use substance player is found here:
https://substance3d.adobe.com/documentation/sp31/how-to-use-substance-player-2294849.html

Surely you are able to find tutorials on youtube yourself.